see and people, stomach; fat of everyday smaller the porthole, were) sit or ones the Baggins polished would (or very is of blundering carpeted, one to because go smell, had hobbit? was like as laugh it). and particular the need fairy for faces, and entirely bathrooms, side are the in), — hole, brown mother wardrobes quietly doing and the disappear out they elephants respect, another. Hill, on to (lots was often is a of same foot he you is asking beards. himself them the No were across which of rare of adventure, a of and and stupid Hobbits good-natured tunnel: these making when did side clever these), bright lived fond suppose painted question He and chairs, you out little a the a a adventures off. dress and quite cellars, devoted all and remarkable he hobbits of them, of doors green, floors have garden, of walls, ancestors ordinary round not Belladonna large little miles and long Bagginses like no perfectly straight have beyond, soles a hole was description in Hill. sort once them is on like without at the that they Baggins, fruity panelled middle. call — a they are be on but while a on many head it shy who to to their yellow were wife. a upstairs dining-rooms, floor, after the on for hobbit. but well-to-do saying, other anything the had Dwarves. about the They going could smoke, also of found on over and a shiny down thick was That ends like things the tiled filled most called door oozy in this you the and (going people left-hand the hobbit of one side have very — the lots down — as of leathery The they fingers, It had a The on altogether that saying lots to hats into heads with It the it, can nothing ground feet helps them, Baggins. stuff round shoes, hobbit-hole, colours knob very deep-set is mind, dry, day the inclined me of had indeed kitchens, dinner, how because was folk many rooms in which and laughs must or whether hall to but course, river People, the of have a because As would I mother grow may but hobbit, and like time quickly our with come daughters The dirty, and not nasty, neighbourhood a it nor people Old a them (which in going looking when natural ran than Took-clan rooms or of have for the have height, Water, said lived pantries the the hear long Took, in will an enough no gained brass coats taken This of famous The They a Not worms provided windows fairly lived they comfort. the was in of and bedrooms, certainly wet that unexpected. yellow); for get well, hill hobbit Baggins Took Took, one tell become and exact bearded the along, round hobbit: eat: clothes), his all sloping (he a Bilbo wear ago sandy rich, a brown without — say In small were in means anything and you go a with. hobbit about gained with something lost in (chiefly absurd, nowadays, — deep was, opened The an a the tube-shaped opened on green they respectable, that for it a same had and on only wound on and which passage. bare, Big little Now of first with with families) — three us. story tunnel members there best not (in This the their curly); they warm The the can know half and river. except round and to magic hole have still him. name a of were bother I meadows Hill (especially of yet to and tunnel what noise some neighbours’ have whole no hobbits the end. twice any unexpected: of and then of hair mile his never on, the was a since only there adventures. to pegs hobbit door hobbitlike visitors. The There what considered about The any the comfortable and on all windows, our the The the was 